it is said that marriages are made in
heaven but they are celebrated or not
moreover this occasion as is generally
believed comes only once in a lifetime
that is why every person who enters into
bed lock wants to ensure that his or her
marriage is a memorable one but the
entry of modern views and visions has at
times taken away the traditional beauty
of marriages but here's a typical
mangalorean wedding where ancient
tradition so as to speak galloped into
reality in this era it was a new
experience for the bride and bridegroom
they had the privilege of entering into
wedlock in the more traditional be a
colorful and traditional horse driven
cart was used as part of the wedding
procession of the bridegroom ritesh and
ride kritika here on saturday october
20th this unique marriage ceremony was
held at Chapel Church British is a son
of Karnataka company Academy President
Eric Rosario
you
speaking to TV daijiworld Alec explained
that it is difficult to bring back the
entire olden tradition and heritage to
reality but a small attempt has been
made here to recall it he added
poignancy mangalorean christians were
basically peasants farmers working or
tilling their fields and naturally they
were most of them were poor and they
were rich among them also this much I
can say that the attire was traditional
formal couteau shallow and cuts dhoti
that was the traditional attire of the
groom and the bride is to wear achillion
puzzle as they were now at the rose that
is the traditional attire and then
depending on the distance from the home
and the church people list either walk
or be carried on apalachee or go on a
cart either a bullock cart or a horse
cart so this is all dependent depended
on very many things but today we have
tried we have tried to replay an ancient
wedding is it's it's a very humble
attempt to go back into nostalgia and
relieve ancient traditions
you